The True method of Meditation ( Design Methodology ) - Third Edition

Rajat Kalia

	Some people on the other hand keep thinking the whole day or their considerable time as to what way the world works. They can possibly come out with a design pattern as per their thinking how the world can possibly work. In Sri Guru Granth Sahib , this type of meditation is named as "Vidya Vikham Veechar". Some however believe that vikham veechar is allright but before that those people should have some standard Vidya from trained teachers and most probably don't go to the meditation form but the Visible aspects in nature and their workings, as in the materialistic things availabe around us. But the problem in this kind of study is that there is a wide number of such objects available and there has to be kind of group of people who work on this particular aspect. Then their are the other kind who don't have say formal Vidya in the form of a standard instituition but they are working in the same way, similar to the way say a meditating guy is doing it without a guru. These second kind of people make design of everything living it seems from the analysis. While on the other hand the standard institution trained work on non-living thing designs with one physics problem attached with it in some cases. Physics is attached in all cases but the difference comes whether it is idealistic or real-world. A good instituition would have ideal case study as the first requirement. However many say that studying real world case is tougher to study but i personally think that real world case comes only when some enviroment varibles are lacking correct initial values. Now we can say that a human is not an animal directly and not a non-living object also, but say a hybrid of the two but how much of which type is the question. An animal(or say a bird or fish) vs an object design can never be compared as animal was designed by non-iitians and we know that except few special kind of animals most animals live in poor conditions. Freedom is lesser in their case but i have given them first on the basis of the emotions attached to animals. My son i've clearly instructed that if you want to study medical , fine , but clear both entrance exams and only design human body, not a squirrel or a rat for that matter. Think of your father who has struggled all life to get rid of his rat gene.
	Monetory studys can add interest to your spare time but should be cautious that if you study it formally , that means you have to help in the world economy flow that it doesn't create bottlenecks but smoothly flows to the masses , that means you should not become a sahukar however the name sahu is fine. An easy method is don't give any thing for later date payment (udhar) from your personal balance unless you are working for some registered bank or standard money negotiating instituition with easy and properly reviewed terms and conditions of money collection. However for relatives this is possible that you pay some amount in their hour of need. Suman madam in our known people can be seen as a special case, they were colleagues of mom, however it's possible that this method is coming from second line monetary study design but has a formal form in terms of bank loans and term payemnts which have a highly qualified technical guy to design any single case of money flow rules. I am simply oblecting to direct payment from personal balance as credit with say some interest conditions but i don't know whether it can come as something positive on a later date or not. If someone gives 50 bucks he should take back 50 bucks but that has never happened ever unless face to face transaction happens. We don't agree to interest on money from your personal account. However one sahu girl from my friend list has come via that method but after designing the whole formal interest system only, and certianly not by giving money on rent. Renting money is second line like the way we are struggling with the animals designs made by non-iitians. Probably they are doing it to study finance as they could not have proper institute teacher knowledge directly pouring under their belt and they are instead doing it practically. Monetory study is for masters from a reputed financial study institute after completing iit. A surplus. If you want to design in bank loans or finance, you can opt the tertiary qualification but after iit which is a bare minimum.



"Second Edition"

Monica Thakur

It is clear that Intents play a great role in our karma, as to how clearly we justify between right and wrong. Every person has an inbuilt connection to god to distinguish between a good deed and a bad deed. I would like to further enforce this bare truth that Good karma is calculated not on what you do but with what intentions you are doing it. So, say if a barber is shaving the heads of people say some brahmin, it doesn't mean that he is killing his father but it means he is doing his job to earn bread if the intentions are right. I would like to further elaborate with examples.

1. Intentions can be in percentage, accurately known to last but one bit decimal calculated upto infinity places, last bit left for everybody/everyone/all as unclaimed as calculating it can cause extreme calculation error. Anyways this is my calculation of the design of the world i understand, it might not be true as to what God actually does but i think God does it that way. Sham Giri says that the last bit is calculated on the basis of previous residual karma. 

2. In old panchtantra stories we read stories like, a thief tried to hid himself in a sadhu's home when he was teaching students, now sadhu doesn't disclose to the people who were after that person that he is inside and saves his life. The story ends here as per panchtantra. But then as per my calculations that person/guy might be running after killing/rape/stealing and might be a sought out offender as per law and God also, but it depends on that Sadhu's judgement whether he did a good job in saving that person/guy. If he coudn't judge properly, it's an error as per me, however if he could properly figure out the person's present state , in that case he is right if the person was not an offender but was falsely projected. 


"First Edition"

Gouri Kumari

It starts with the very first mantra, 
Ik Onkar Satnaam karta purakh nirbhau nirvair akal murat ajuni saibham gurparsad. 
It's also known as the mool mantar and is never found to fail.  It's for the nirgun roop of GOD.
{ Their are claims by people saying that Sat naam is different from Satnam and Akaal is different from Akal , so we have written this verse keeping their theory too and in place not disturbing the original verse. However there is possibility that these claims are mere spoilers. The user is suggested own descretion. }
Then their is the ram naam , ram is one of the many sagun roops of god.
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram

The muslim verse namaz is being given here, 
Alhamdullilaha-e-Rabbil Almin ur Rehman nir Rahim, Maliki Ummadin, e-aagan aabdu, waiya Kanasteen, ehi dins siratal Mustakin. Siratal Al-Azeena An amtalahim Gayaril Magdubi Alaheem, waladua layeen. Aamin.
No mention of a Christian verse. But then the whole of English based education is the gift of the west. It's the scientific approach. However I do give a verse which is not even a verse but a rule. It is
God is One.
Apart from these three verses there is another method , in it you need to tighten your body and once completely tightened , you are set in meditation. It's exactly opposite of the other form which animals do while dying in which body is completely relaxed and let die to ease out the painful process of death. So eveverybody knows meditation in some form or the other , what matters is you should know which method is the most benificial at a particular instant. For this method , the body is the mandir and you need to take proper care of it, is being said. 
These methods end here. Other second line methods like spirtual text reading or tirtiary methods like yoga ,  or mantra training from a trained guru are useful if the primary methods are not working. Some people say that tantric methods and mantras are also useful if these methods don't work. However I don't recommend them. Some short spiritual texts contain a prayer stanza in the beginning and a pungent tantric mantra in the end of the text and have become the custom these days. The last tantric mantra is for the training guru and the opeing stanza is a short prayer of the devta whom one is worshiping. 

Psychotropic drugs like Risnia can offer you a lifetime of tough medtiation but should be avoided as far as possible unless your parents suggest it be taken. Reason being they reduce the sexual power to a large extent while the main benifit of traditional meditation is increase in sexual power. 
Ability to fly and Darshans of God are few benifits of meditation.
Feminine meditation can be slightly different, one of the prominent mantra being the Gayatri Mantra. I am not aware of the difference in this regards but my female family members guide that this mantra is useful for them although it didn't work for me.
Oum bhoor bhuwah swaha, tat savitur vareniyam, brago devasya dhimahi, dhiyo yonaam prachodaya, swaha.
{ However their are further ambiguity claims in the word Savitur and some claim it's sat vitur. }



    